Your package has been taken up by La Poste. It is being routed.
Your package is ready to be sent. It has not yet been taken up by La Poste.
Your package is being routed to its distribution site.
Your package has been dropped off at the sending post office.
Your package has arrived to a site in error. It is being rerouted to its distribution site.
Your package has arrived at its distribution site.
Your package is available at the post office box.
Your package has been delivered.
The package has been sent back to the sender following a return.
The receiver was absent for delivery. Your package will be delivered once more on the following working day.
Your package could not be delivered due to missing information. Please contact Customer Service using the form on the website to provide the required information.
The package has been returned to the sender because the receiver refused it.
Your package is available at your post office. The receiver has 10 working days to pick up the package upon presentation of the pickup slip and identification.
The address of your package is incomplete. We are searching for the missing portion for delivery.
The receiver of the package does not live at the address indicated. The package has been returned to the sender.
The package has been resent upon request of the receiver to their selected address.
The package has been returned to the sender. The receiver refused to pay the delivery charge.
Your package is available at your post office. Once notice is received, the receiver has 10 working days to pick up the package upon presentation of identity.
Your package has been redirected to another pickup point. An explanatory letter has been sent to the receiver.
Delivery of your package has been delayed because the receiver was absent or due to extraordinary outside circumstances.
Your package is awaiting distribution and will soon be delivered.
The package has been returned to sender.
Your package was not picked up at the post office within the period of 10 working days. It has been returned to sender.
The package could not be delivered. It has been returned to sender.
Your package will be available at the Cityssimo point for 5 days.
Delivery of your package to a Cityssimo point is impossible. The receiver is not subscribed to this service.
Delivery of your package to a Cityssimo point is impossible. The receiver’s account has not been activated.
Your package was not picked up from the Cityssimo point within the appropriate timeframe. It has been resent to the receiver’s home address.
Delivery of your package to a Cityssimo point is impossible. It has been resent to the receiver’s home address.
Your package is not a Colissimo and cannot be delivered to a Cityssimo point. It has been resent to the receiver’s home address.
Your package is not compatible with delivery to a Cityssimo point. It has been resent to the receiver’s home address.
Your package is too large for a Cityssimo point. It has been resent to the receiver’s home address.
The Cityssimo point is temporarily out of service. The package has been resent to the receiver’s home address.
There are no more available lockers at the Cityssimo point. The package has been resent to the receiver’s home address.
Your package is faulty and cannot be delivered to a Cityssimo point. It has been resent to the receiver’s home address.
Your package has arrived in France.
Your package has arrived to the destination country.
Your package has left the exchange office. It is being routed to the destination country.
Missing customs form (DAU). Your package is being held at customs. The case is being reviewed by customs officials.
Incorrect certificate of origin. Your package is being held at customs. The case is being reviewed by customs officials.
Missing certificate of origin. Your package is being held at customs. The case is being reviewed by customs officials.
Incorrect customs declaration form CN23. Your package is being held at customs. The case is being reviewed by customs officials.
Your package is being held in customs for clearance.
Bank transfer data has been requested by customs.  Your package is being held at customs.
Your packages are being held by customs. The number of packages does not match the declaration. The case is being reviewed by customs officials.
Incorrect invoice. Your package is being held at customs. The case is being reviewed by customs officials.
Missing invoice. Your package is being held at customs. The case is being reviewed by customs officials.
Package contents are being identified. It is being held in customs.
Customs clearance information required. Your package is being held at customs. The case is being reviewed by customs officials.
Waiting for VAT number or import number. Your package is being held at customs. The case is being reviewed by customs officials.
Import license required. Your package is being held at customs. The case is being reviewed by customs officials.
Your package is ready to leave the country of origin.
Your package has been taken up by La Poste. It is being routed.
Your package is being routed to its distribution site.
The package has been returned to sender.        
